#summary ChangeLog for Soundflower.
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

== Version 1.5 ==

  * Added compatibility with OS 10.6
  * Dropped support for OS 10.4 (10.4 users can use version 1.4.3)


== Version 1.4.3 ==

  * Fixed !SoundflowerBed not launching on OS 10.4.


== Version 1.4.2 ==

  * Fixed problems with Soundflower not installing correctly on OS 10.4.
  * Fixed problems with Soundflower not loading on PPC machines running OS 10.4.


== Version 1.4.1 ==

  * Fixed problems reported with Soundflower not working with Ableton Live (problem introduced in version 1.3)
  * !SoundflowerBed now compiled as a Universal Binary, and installed with the installer.
  * New uninstaller (an applescript application to remove all components)
  * Fixed problem introduced in version 1.4 that prevent downgrading the version of Soundflower installed.
  * Cleaned up unnecessary debug posts going to the console.


== Version 1.4 ==

  * Initial release of merged and cleaned-up sources from !GoogleCode.
  * Dropped support for OS 10.3.x (now supporting OS 10.4.x and OS 10.5.x).


== Version 1.3 / 1.3.1 ==

  * Volumes control patch by Joachim Bengtsson <joachimb@gmail.com> and some other patches made by Rogue Amoeba. This version of Soundflower has been modified to allow the use of the volume, balance, mute and gain controls.
  * Dropped support for MacOS 10.2.x because that isn't included with the developer tools anymore. 
 

== Version 1.2 ==

  * Native Mac Intel Support


== Version 1.1 ==

  * Fixed multiple stream support [ including aggregate devices ]
  * Added 'Audio Setup' Menu
  * Added better handling when device property changes [ sr, # streams, etc ]
  * Added smarter matching of sample rates
  * Now attempts to deal with system sleeps.